Reorder HTML test your skills for consistency (#42949)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/structuring_content/test_your_skills/links/index.md

}
```

> We've not shown the finished content, as it gives the answers away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've not provided a finished result for this task, as it would give away the solution.
```
